a few days ago I looked in the mirror
and I thought what have I done to my
face I have just done a CO2 laser and if
you have ever done it you know the
struggle I haven't done it before and
the first two days I thought I destroyed
my face I was experiencing intense
swelling radness itching and burning and
all at once and in that moment I felt
like I made a huge freaking mistake and
I have permanently ruined my whole face
my skin and really regretted my decision
but then I reminded myself to just trust
the process healing doesn't happen
overnight growth doesn't happen
overnight and neither does love success
or any other transformation and that's
exactly what I want to talk about today
hi my loves welcome back to my channel
my name is Micha and today I'm going to
tell you something that you need to hear
because I know so many of you feel stuck
and I know you are questioning if it
will ever get better I want to remind
you today when life feels like nothing
is changing everything is changing let's
get into to this I want to start this
video with doing an exercise with you I
want you to think about one thing you
adore about yourself one thing you
absolutely love about yourself and
preferably not something superficial
really dive deep and think about what do
I love about myself what makes me proud
to be me what thing I absolutely love
and adore about myself is that even when
things are uncertain even when life
feels hard when I'm going through tough
situations even when I have every reason
to doubt I have learned to always trust
the process and this quality has
improved and changed my life in ways I
never expected I understand you honey we
we all want things to happen immediately
we want things to happen fast we want
fast success we want quick love of our
life we want quick results we want
everything right now when we don't see
the progress immediately we assume that
things just don't work out or things are
just not meant for us but I need you to
understand something just because you
can see the result yet yet just because
you can't see that success yet just
because you can't see that healing
process yet just because you can see
that light at the end of the tunnel yet
doesn't mean it's not happening the most
important growth is happening beneath
the surface and we are being tested
right before it's happening we are being
tested from life if we manage to take on
that responsibility think about when you
start working out you don't see the
result immediately you don't wake up the
morning after your first workout and
have visible apps that's not how it
works but it also doesn't mean that
nothing is happening just because you
can see the apps not yet right the work
is happening beneath the surface and if
you quit right before it's visible you
would never see the result if you quit
after one two days and you don't see the
apps yet you don't see your lines you
will never know when or how those lines
will appear because you already quit
before it can appear to you right but it
happens already the first workout is
part of the other 10 workouts or the
other 30 workouts that will make your
apps visible and the same thing applies
to everything in life it applies to love
it applies to
relationships it applies to success
business healing growth and the list
goes on it applies to literally
everything the people who actually do
win the people who actually do have
results the people who actually manage
to change their lives are the ones who
don't give up when they don't see
results these are the ones who simply
keep going even when it seems like
nothing is happening I can't even count
on how many times I felt like nothing
was working when I started my business
when I started with social media when I
started my YouTube channel when I moved
countries when I did University when I
did School even how often did I think I
just want to give up how often did I
believe it's not working
but the only reason I am speaking to you
today I am living this life that I love
is because I trusted the process even
when I had no proof even when I felt
like a failure I just kept going I want
you to look at your own life right now
is there something you feel like it's
not working is there something you
actually just want to give up on maybe
it's your career maybe it's your
personal growth maybe it's your healing
Journey maybe it's even a relationship
maybe it's like me a physical healing
Journey ask yourself what if I'm just
one step away from my breakthrough from
my healing from my dreams come true what
if everything is aligning behind the
scenes what what if I'm am just about to
see why I had to go through this stage
you know honey transformation is
uncomfortable there will be moments or
there are moments where you just want to
quit where you doubt yourself where you
doubt maybe the whole universe even
where you feel like you're going
backward and not forward it happens the
thing is most people do give up just
right before they have their
breakthrough just right before they are
going to achieve what they always wanted
to achieve because the hardest part is
just right Before the Breakthrough the
hardest part is just right before it's
happening because as I said life is
going to test you once more if you are
actually able to take on that
responsibility if you're actually able
to receive what you want to receive it's
almost like your old version of yourself
your old frequency that old you wants to
cling onto you and wants to stick with
you and is about to get removed from you
completely so it's just trying once more
if you really do not want that old
version of yourself anymore now I want
you to visualize something imagine you
are in a tunnel in a long black dark
tunnel with zero light and imagine you
are already walking for such a long time
but you're still in the tunnel and there
is no light to see in front of you you
simply can't see the end and now you're
questioning yourself if you took the
wrong tunnel if you took the wrong way
you're questioning if the tunnel even
has an exit but what if you are just a
few steps away from that exit from that
light at the end of the tunnel what if
you turn back you turn around and you
just turned back too soon that's exactly
how life works most people simply quit
walking just before they see the light
and I don't want you to act like most
people because that's where the magic is
going to happen now I want to give you a
few steps that you can Implement in your
life that you can learn in order to
trust the process more in order to gain
that ability to always keep trusting the
process the first thing is stop
obsessing over the outcome I know it's
important to know where you're going you
need to know you're going to look for
the light at the end of the tunnel and
you need to know how this light looks
for you right but you need to stop
obsessing over de light you need to see
the Next Step you need to see the right
now we get so caught up in when it's
going to happen that we forget to focus
on what can I do today that we focus on
the next step right in front of you
every single successful person that you
admire every healed person that you
admire every love relationship that you
admire had to work in silence before
they could show the results every
YouTube Channel had their facee where
they had zero subscribers 100
subscribers zero views 10 views 100
views and so on in order to get where
they are today in order to get millions
of views in order to get paid for their
videos right everyone started somewhere
and you do not control when things are
happening the only thing you can control
is what you are doing and putting in to
today which Step which work are you
going to doing today you only can
control how much effort you put in every
single day so I want you to shift your
focus from when can I see results to
what can I do today how much effort can
I put in my dreams my healing my love
Journey whatever it is today the second
thing is recognize that this comfort is
a sign of growth as I said before when
you are starting to feel confused when
you're going through a phase of feeling
lost that's actually your old version
that feels uncomfortable you can only
feel comfortable in a known environment
so of course you will feel uncomfortable
just right before you are going to level
up you're going to feel uncomfortable in
whatever environment is not used to
where you used to be so if you were used
to be broke of course you will reach a
phase that is uncomfortable as hell in
order to get to that phase where you're
actually rich because that's a new
normal that's a new life that's a new
reality to you you need to be
uncomfortable in order to let go that
old version of you because that old
version of you first of all will feel
uncomfortable in that new environment
and will then finally thanks God leave
you and make space for that new version
of you that is made for that new
environment you are aspiring to be in
always remember real change feels
uncomfortable before it feels good the
next thing is detou from timelines one
of the biggest reasons people give up or
make wrong decisions is because they
believe they are out of their timeline
like you want to achieve
something by 4th April and it didn't
happen then people give up people give
up because they put thems on some
imaginary deadline and when it's not
happening until then they believe it's
not supposed to be or it's never going
to happen but honey you have to let go
of any kind of timelines you are never
too late you are never too old you are
exactly where you are right now because
things are going to happen exactly that
time and that way they should happen and
that's when you are ready maybe you are
simply not yet ready that means you have
to do more to get ready to be ready but
once you are ready believe me you will
get there the fourth thing is celebrate
small wins honey big moment big wins of
course are amazing are insane and are of
course to be celebrated but so do the
small wins we cannot always wait for
that big moment to happen to celebrate
ourselves the big moment happens because
of all the small steps and all the small
wins we did in that progress if you
learned something new today if you
didn't quit today if you hand l a
situation differently today those are
small wins that can be celebrated that
actually should be celebrated so
acknowledge them be proud of yourself
for simply not stopping for not giving
up that's already so much the fifth and
last thing is remember why you started
everyone is talking about your why you
need to know your why and that's why
when you start to doubt when you're
about to give up ask yourself why did
you start in the beginning why did you
start in the first place what made you
start what was the goal and when your
why is not just some material thing that
you think actually I don't need it then
you will keep going my why for example
is because I want to be able to fulfill
my life I want to feel happy fulfilled
and I want to do something purposeful
with my life I want to be able to take
care of my life I want to be an
inspiration for myself and for others I
have so much to give and when you have a
why like this you are burning for it if
I'm thinking about giving up and then
I'm remembering why I even started why I
actually want this there is no way I'm
going to give up there is no way I'm
going to stop
because I know it's part of the process
I know I'm just about to get there I'm
just about to see that light at the end
of the tunnel why do you think that some
people just get successful once they
have a child because that's a big why
they have finally found a why they want
to give the best life to their child
they want to provide the best things to
their child and that's a massive that's
an insane why and that's why those
people never succeeded before the child
and they got the child suddenly they
succeeded there are so many people out
there like this because if your why is
strong your why will always be stronger
than your fear your why should be so
strong that you are thinking about other
ways on how to achieve it instead of
giving up that's why guys please I want
you to learn to trust in the process as
much as you can as much as you trust
that things are going to work out the
more and the more quick they're going to
actually about to work out your belief
is more important than anything else if
you believe it's going to work out if
you trust it's going to work out it is
it is it's just a matter of when but you
should not care about the when the when
you give up to somebody else you just
sit back and you know it's going to
happen anyways guys I hope this could
help some of you to get through whatever
you're going through right now I really
hope that you could take something from
this and I hope that you finally start
to see the end of the tunnel you finally
see the light at the end of the tunnel I
love you so much and I see you in my
next video bye-bye by the way guys I
wanted to show you my results of the CO2
it's been now a few more days and the
healing is
progressing and yeah I don't have any
makeup I can't wear any makeup for a
week or so but it's happening the
process is processing I would say I
still have you see very red patches here
here the skin is very rough still my
face is still a bit swollen but it's
going to it's going to happen it's going
to be fine everything is going to be
fine I love you